c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\AppTrabalhoG2.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\AppTrabalhoG2_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\AppTrabalhoG2.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\AppTrabalhoG2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
c:\users\note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Note\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Note\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Note\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\Pages\FavPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\AppTrabalhoG2.Resources.AppResources.pt-BR.resources
C:\Users\Note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\Pages\SobreAppPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\AppTrabalhoG2.dll
C:\Users\Note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\AppTrabalhoG2.pdb
C:\Users\Note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\AppTrabalhoG2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\AppTrabalhoG2.g.resources
C:\Users\Note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\pt-BR\AppTrabalhoG2.resources.dll
C:\Users\Note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\AppTrabalhoG2.dll
C:\Users\Note\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AppTrabalhoG2\AppTrabalhoG2\obj\Debug\AppTrabalhoG2.pdb
